    Being inundated with information from newspapers, TV, the Internet, social media, etc., are today’s people closer to the truth than those in the past? Write a composition of at least 200 words to express your opinion.

    From my prospective, today's people are closer to the truth than those in the past, even though false information might be massive.
    First of all, the emergence of various media increases the opportunity for us to obtain the truth. With the rapid development of technology, a growing number of people could get the truth. Compared to the past, in China, the penetration of television signal has increased from 20% to 100%. That means 80% more people could learn the truth because of the widespread of public media. While rural areas and remote mountainous regions where information was blocked previously, nowadays, truth is closer via media.
    Moreover, as the platform undertaking the obligation to society, more and more truth is being revealed. This sense of mission drives the media to report something that the public never know before, such as the poisonous milk scandal, gutter oil, and the sudan red incident. In addition, like life tips and nutrition recommendations, some truth that we often neglect in daily life could be delivered to us via the media, enabling us to get rid of misunderstandings.
    Lastly, at present, the development of public media enables us to dig out the truth more comprehensively and concretely. As for a event, different media converage might includes criticism in different perspective. As a reader, we could refer to different views, and then after our careful thought, to draw a conclusion. While in the past, the mere information we could get might be one-sided and incomplete, which hinder us from the truth.
    Although there are many false information and rumors as the rise of media, with enforcement of censorship of relevant authorities and technology development such as spam filter, truth will will be easier to acquire and false and illusion will be eliminated approriately.
    Therefore, I insist that today's people are closer to the truth than those in the past.

